We really messed up the old house,
didn't we?
So much like the engines and things
we saw under Gresit.
Alucard must have learned it all
at his daddy's knee.
[sighs] It's incredible, really.
It's the true science.
My people heard the stories,
but didn't quite hold on
to the truth of them.
Less damage than I would have thought.
Apart from the mess
in that little room he showed us.
Yes, the engine room
that moves the castle.
I cannot imagine how that worked.
[Trevor] Well, it doesn't work anymore.
You melted it.
I didn't melt anything.
It must have been straining
against the spell.
What do you think he's going to do now?
I had a plan, you know.
I was going to go back to Gresit,
return to my vault,
go back to sleep.
But?
If I leave the castle here...
All his work is inside it.
His libraries,
his materials, his knowledge.
What happens to all that
if the structure is abandoned?
I can't just leave it here.
It'd be nothing but a grave to be robbed.
So, let it be my grave.
No.
No?
We can't move this thing.
Sypha broke it.
I did not.
You kind of did.
I do not break things.
-So, we're agreed she broke it.
-Oh, yes.
So it's staying right here, forever,
right on top of the Belmont Hold.
Which is now also open to the world.
Up here,
your father's collected knowledge.
Down there, the collected knowledge
of your mother's people.
As above, so below.
Both halves of you, Alucard.
I'm listening.
Behold, you sulky, half-vampire bastard.
I bequeath you the Belmont Hold.
Make that and the castle your home,
not your grave.
Be its last defender.
You're giving me your home?
It's yours.
My childhood home and your childhood home.
Protect it. Make something out of it.
Something better than a pile of ruins
and a symbol of terror.
[wind blowing]
[Isaac slurping water]
[water dripping]
Keep moving. I'm not in the mood.
[horses snorting]
[Scars] Oh, what do we have here?
Ah, it's thirsty, whatever it is.
[water splashing]
Don't drink the entire pool.
There is enough water for all.
Oh, I don't care about "all."
I only care about us.
There will be plenty for you
after I'm gone.
[Scars] Well, perhaps we want it all.
Yes, you probably do.
Your kind always does.
[Scars] I think the desert
has left us a little gift, don't you?
Put a rope around it, drag it behind us.
Perhaps we can sell it at the next town.
Unless we get hungry
between now and then, I suppose.
Is that really the best you have?
Your best response to finding
a lone stranger drinking at an oasis?
Call him "it",
and immediately draw plans
to sell him or eat him.
[chuckles] You don't matter.
You don't deserve my best.
You're just some drifting clump of shit
I discovered on the road,
and I'll do with you as I wish.
Only I and my friends here matter.
You are simply meat.
I'm not human?
Oh, I'm sure you're human,
sir philosopher of the water hole.
[sniffs] I simply don't care.
Me neither.
[grunts]
[neighs]
[groans, grunts]
[screaming]
[man groans]
[screams]
[screams, groans]
[breathing heavily]
[man groaning]
[grunts]
[wheezing]
I simply don't have time
to deal with shit like you
every time I want to sit and take a drink.
And, I am a Forgemaster.
So I don't need to.
I could have an army of my own.
I might like an army.
[screaming]
[Scars snarling]
[shrieking]
[Scars growling]
Shall we find some more people
to add to our merry band?
[Isaac chuckles, sighs]
[birds chirping]
[Sypha] I want to rejoin my caravan.
This is a story that should be read
into our memory stores.
But after that, I don't know.
You'll travel with them, surely.
Go back to your old life.
I don't know.
Since I met you,
I've come back from a living death,
I've fought demons
in the city square at Gresit,
I've stopped a raiding force
from reaching Arges,
I've discovered forgotten spells
in the greatest hidden library in Europe,
and I've trapped a castle
that uses magic engines
to move from place to place,
and pinned it to the ruins
of the Belmont home.
Why would I want to stop now?
Go on.
Look, we know at least
some of Dracula's army landed at Braila.
Are the night hordes
just going to go home?
Well, no. But--
And what about the church?
We've both seen how corrupt
and twisted it is.
And who knows what else
is happening out there?
What then?
Well, what then?
Then we're not finished, are we?
And I don't want to stop.
Stop what, for God's sake?
This. What we're doing.
And it's good for you, too.
Okay.
How on Earth
did you come to that decision?
When I met you,
you reeked of piss, blood, and stale beer.
You killed a monster largely by accident.
Hey, that took serious skills.
And then demanded alcohol
before storming off like a toddler
with a thistle up his back end.
-Right, h-how does that even--?
-Shh.
And now, in the short time
we have known each other,
you have rediscovered yourself,
and you've grown.
Today might be the first time
I felt like I was talking to an adult man.
You're better than you were
when I met you.
Do you know why I think that is?
It's because you're doing
what you were born for.
As insane as it sounds,
this entire nightmare scenario
has made you complete.
I think you should see it through.
With me.
With you?
Yes, you could be my handsome sidekick.
Or mascot. Imagine that.
If you didn't talk much,
people would think
you were my deformed pet bear
and throw you free food.
[wings fluttering]
Sypha.
Yes, Trevor?
You're asking me to roam the countryside
and get into horrible trouble
because you think it's good for me.
Listen to what I'm really saying, Trevor.
I'm saying I want you to be with me
and I want you to have adventures with me.
This is the closest thing
I've had to a life in...
[scoffs] ...I don't know when.
And you're the closest I've had
to a friend.
So, will you come with me?
[exhales]
[Trevor] I wouldn't know where else to go
or who else to be with.
[Sypha] Good.
Where to, first?
After we find my people,
I think we should see Braila.
But let's stay here just a little longer.
[fires crackling]
[Carmilla] Is the sun down yet?
Not quite.
[door creaks]
Oh, for God's sake.
Where are the townspeople?
They're not coming close to us.
They spent the day recovering things
from the ruins.
They started returning
to the furthest houses a little while ago.
Do they know we're here?
[sighs] Certainly.
So they're barricading their homes
and sharpening their stakes.
That's fair. Can't say I blame them.
You won't stake me to death
with that, Hector.
[chuckles]
I wasn't intending to try.
I was thinking it might make a drill
to start a fire.
It's gonna be a cold night.
We won't be staying.
Well, the fire was for me, not you.
I assume you don't really feel the cold.
[chuckles]
Where will you go?
I think I will return to Styria.
What else is there?
The majority of my forces were here,
and now they are gone.
What was that?
The way the castle moved
and then vanished.
I've been thinking about it all day.
I-I still don't understand.
[sighs] What is there to understand?
A spell captured the castle.
The engines of the castle
attempted to fight the capture,
and so it thrashed around
like a rat in a cage, and lost.
-Do you think Dracula lives?
-No.
We have viewed the castle with mirrors.
But you can't be sure.
I can.
Dracula is dead, Hector.
-Does that trouble you?
-Of course it does.
Poor Hector.
Stand up for me.
Hector. You look like shit.
[scoffs] I know.
Don't worry.
We'll look after you.
-[chains jangling]
-Carmilla, what are you doing?
[grunts]
I must return to Styria.
With my forces, decimated,
the humans of this region weakened,
and a void in the power structure
of the vampire world,
I intend to take advantage of that.
But I need my strength returned.
I need a horde as Dracula had.
And you are a Forgemaster.
-You will create the horde for me.
-Go to hell.
-[grunts]
-[laughing]
[groans]
[grunts, pants]
-Get up.
-[Hector grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[Carmilla chuckles]
[Carmilla laughs]
[knuckles crack]
Mm, you are my pet now.
My pet Forgemaster.
[groans, coughs]
-[chuckles]
-[Hector groaning]
-[groaning]
-[chuckling]
Aw.
Huh.
Good pet. Hmm.
Hmm.
To Styria.
[horses clopping]
[squelches]
[Hector groans]
[groans]
[birds chirping]
Be well, my friend.
You, too.
Don't let that idiot
get you into too much trouble.
Never.
[Sypha chuckles]
Well, maybe just enough trouble.
Just enough.
Ah.
Fuck you.
Come on, boy.
[horses clopping]
[chains jangling]
"Belnades and Belmont."
That sounds quite good, doesn't it? Mm.
Not bad.
"Belnades and Belmont."
For when I tell the story.
For the legend.
Wait, I don't get first billing?
Of course not.
You're the one driving the horse.
[snickers]
Is this what I've got
to look forward to in life?
Yes.
Forever.
[footsteps approaching]
Is this how the castle felt to you
before my mother first arrived
at your door?
[child laughing]
[inhales, exhales]
[sobbing]